feat(scalarization): Add `GeometricMean` (#716)
TorchJD/torchjd: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added `GLS` from [MultiNet++: Multi-Stream Feature Aggregation and Geometric Loss Strategy for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `GLS` studied in [MultiNet++: Multi-Stream Feature Aggregation and Geometric Loss Strategy for
```
